description: Builds an operator that compiles and runs computation with XLA. (deprecated)

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tf.xla.experimental.compile" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# tf.xla.experimental.compile

<!-- Insert buttons and diff -->

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api nocontent" align="left">

</table>

<a target="_blank" class="external" href="/code/stable/tensorflow/python/compiler/xla/xla.py">View source</a>



Builds an operator that compiles and runs `computation` with XLA. (deprecated)


<section class="expandable">
  <h4 class="showalways">View aliases</h4>
  <p>
<b>Compat aliases for migration</b>
<p>See
<a href="https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/migrate">Migration guide</a> for
more details.</p>
<p>`tf.compat.v1.xla.experimental.compile`</p>
</p>
</section>

<pre class="devsite-click-to-copy prettyprint lang-py tfo-signature-link">
<code>tf.xla.experimental.compile(
    computation, inputs=None
)
</code></pre>



<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

Deprecated: THIS FUNCTION IS DEPRECATED. It will be removed in a future version.
Instructions for updating:
xla.experimental.compile is deprecated. Consider using <a href="../../../tf/function.md"><code>@tf.function(jit_compile=True)</code></a>.

NOTE: In eager mode, `computation` will have <a href="../../../tf/function.md"><code>@tf.function</code></a> semantics.

<!-- Tabular view -->
 <table class="responsive fixed orange">
<colgroup><col width="214px"><col></colgroup>
<tr><th colspan="2"><h2 class="add-link">Args</h2></th></tr>

<tr>
<td>
`computation`<a id="computation"></a>
</td>
<td>
A Python function that builds a computation to apply to the
input. If the function takes n inputs, 'inputs' should be a list of n
`Tensor`s.

`computation` may return a list of `Tensor`s and `Operation`s.
`Tensor`s must come before `Operation`s in the returned list.

All `Operation`s returned from `computation` will be executed when
evaluating any of the returned output tensors.
</td>
</tr><tr>
<td>
`inputs`<a id="inputs"></a>
</td>
<td>
A list of inputs or `None` (equivalent to an empty list). Each input
can be a nested structure containing values that can be converted to
`Tensor`s. Note that passing an N-dimension list of compatible values will
result in an N-dimension list of scalar `Tensor`s rather than a single
Rank-N `Tensor`. If you need a different behavior, convert parts of
`inputs` to `Tensor`s with <a href="../../../tf/convert_to_tensor.md"><code>tf.convert_to_tensor</code></a>.
</td>
</tr>
</table>



<!-- Tabular view -->
 <table class="responsive fixed orange">
<colgroup><col width="214px"><col></colgroup>
<tr><th colspan="2"><h2 class="add-link">Returns</h2></th></tr>
<tr class="alt">
<td colspan="2">
List of `Tensor`s corresponding to the `Tensor`s from
the output of `computation` i.e. the same return value as if
computation(*inputs) is called directly, with the following exceptions:
* None output: a NoOp would be returned with a control dependency on
   `computation`.
* Single value output: a tuple containing the value would be returned.
* Operation-only outputs: a NoOp would be returned with a control
dependency on `computation`.
</td>
</tr>

</table>



<!-- Tabular view -->
 <table class="responsive fixed orange">
<colgroup><col width="214px"><col></colgroup>
<tr><th colspan="2"><h2 class="add-link">Raises</h2></th></tr>

<tr>
<td>
`RuntimeError`<a id="RuntimeError"></a>
</td>
<td>
When eager execution is enabled.
</td>
</tr>
</table>



<!-- Tabular view -->
 <table class="responsive fixed orange">
<colgroup><col width="214px"><col></colgroup>
<tr><th colspan="2"><h2 class="add-link">Known issues</h2></th></tr>
<tr class="alt">
<td colspan="2">
When a tf.random operation is built with XLA, the implementation doesn't
pass the user provided seed to the XLA compiler. As such, the XLA compiler
generates a random number and uses it as a seed when compiling the
operation. This implementation causes a violation of the Tensorflow
defined semantics in two aspects. First, changing the value of the user
defined seed doesn't change the numbers generated by the operation.
Second, when a seed is not specified, running the program multiple times
will generate the same numbers.
</td>
</tr>

</table>

